Add PowerShell SMS example using Twillo (#584)
vmware-samples/vcenter-event-broker-appliance: examples/knative/powershell/kn-ps-twillio-sms/README.md

Name                           Value
----                           -----
Info                           {State, StartTime, ChangeTag, ActivationId…}
CreatedTime                    07/12/2021 15:42:53
ComputeResource                {ComputeResource, Name}
Vm                             {Vm, Name}
Dvs
Key                            4671568
Net
Host                           {Host, Name}
UserName                       VSPHERE.LOCAL\Administrator
Ds
ChainId                        4671568
Datacenter                     {Datacenter, Name}
FullFormattedMessage           Task: Create virtual machine snapshot
ChangeTag

07/12/2021 19:48:46 - Sending SMS Message
07/12/2021 19:48:46 - Successfully sent SMS message
```

# Step 3 - Deploy

> **Note:** The following steps assume a working Knative environment using the
`default` Rabbit `broker`. The Knative `service` and `trigger` will be installed in the
`vmware-functions` Kubernetes namespace, assuming that the `broker` is also available there.

Push your container image to an accessible registry such as Docker once you're done developing and testing your function logic.

```console
docker push <docker-username>/kn-ps-twillo-sms:${TAG}
```

> Update the `sms_secret.json` file with you Twillo credentials and configurations and then create the kubernetes secret which can then be accessed from within the function by using the environment variable named called `SMS_SECRET`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `sms_secret.json` file with your Twillo credentials and configuration and then create the kubernetes secret which can then be accessed from within the function by using the environment variable named `SMS_SECRET`.
```

```console
# create secret

kubectl -n vmware-functions create secret generic sms-secret --from-file=SMS_SECRET=sms_secret.json

# update label for secret to show up in VEBA UI
kubectl -n vmware-functions label secret sms-secret app=veba-ui
```

> Edit the `function.yaml` file with the name of the container image from Step 1 if you made any changes. If not, the default VMware container image will suffice. By default, the function deployment will filter on the `TaskEvent` vCenter Server Event and VM snapshot creation task for more details on identifying a specific task descriptionId from a TaskEvent, please [see this blog post](https://williamlam.com/2019/02/creating-vcenter-alarms-based-on-task-events-such-as-folder-creation.html) for more details. If you wish to change this, update the `subject` field within `function.yaml` to the desired event type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the `function.yaml` file with the name of the container image from Step 1 if you made any changes. If not, the default VMware container image will suffice. By default, the function deployment will filter on the `TaskEvent` vCenter Server Event and VM snapshot creation task. For more details on identifying a specific task descriptionId from a TaskEvent, please [see this blog post](https://williamlam.com/2019/02/creating-vcenter-alarms-based-on-task-events-such-as-folder-creation.html) for more details. If you wish to change this, update the `subject` field within `function.yaml` to the desired event type.
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove empty line

Deploy the function to the VMware Event Broker Appliance (VEBA).

```console
# deploy function

kubectl -n vmware-functions apply -f function.yaml
```

> For testing purposes, the `function.yaml` contains the following annotations, which will ensure the Knative Service Pod will always run **exactly** one instance for debugging purposes. Functions deployed through through the VMware Event Broker Appliance UI defaults to scale to 0, which means the pods will only run when it is triggered by an vCenter Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing purposes, the `function.yaml` contains the following annotations, which will ensure the Knative Service Pod will always run **exactly** one instance for debugging purposes. Functions deployed through the VMware Event Broker Appliance UI defaults to scale to 0, which means the pods will only run when it is triggered by an vCenter Event.
```
